Torsdag
16 jan
Hi Everyone!



Three things:



As promised / threatened I have added a new requirement for a VG grade for Assignment 6 - using localStorage
Something is going wrong with Teams & SharePoint which is where I store all class materials such as lectures and slides. It looks like you cannot access them at the moment. We are looking into it so please be patient.
Tomorrow and next week - as discussed we have no lectures. I am available for anything, so don't hesitate to contact me.


Assignment 6 - Webpage connecting to an API


In this assignment we will create a webpage loaded with AJAX data returned from an API.



This is to test your knowledge of JSON objects, AJAX, working with APIs and html/css/js. Vanilla JS, jQuery or both can be used to complete the assignment.



The choice of API is up to you but please keep in mind any keys you might need. You can use XHR or fetch to access the data.



The page needs to have at least one event that triggers the initial API call. This could be a 'start' button, or a 'search' field with a submit button or something similar. On firing the event an AJAX request is made to an API and data is returned. The data must be a JSON object and not a simple string.



The data that is returned from the call must be dynamically displayed on the page. You can populate pre-existing elements or dynamically create elements.



The specifications will depend somewhat on your choice of API.



Submit both a github pages link and a link to the repo.



To achieve a Godkänt grade you must:



Connect to an API in a user fired event



Make a request for data



Handle the returned data in an efficient manner



Display more than one property of the returned data on the page



The page must be responsive



To achieve a Välgodkänt grade you must complete the above and:



Have correct error handling when fetching the data



Append arguments to the request



Multiple calls to the API - eg have a input field that will generate different arguments and a button that fires the request



Semantic code



A consistent code style


Submission



A link to the repo



A link to the site on guithub pages or the like